GH-1919: Add support for public key in "target" arg (#1933)
casper-network/casper-node: smart_contracts/contract/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
* Add explicit `no-std` feature, enabled by default and which causes a compiler error if enabled along with `std`.

> * Added new APIs for transferring tokens into public keys: `transfer_to_public_key` and `transfer_from_purse_to_purse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new APIs for transferring tokens to the main purse associated with a public key: `transfer_to_public_key` and `transfer_from_purse_to_public_key`.
```
